== ds:web

A web application to manage a DeployStudio databse.

== Requirements

=== Mac OS X Developer Tools

The Mac OS X Developer Tools are required to build Phusion Passenger. Download the tools from:

http://developer.apple.com

=== Phusion Passenger

One of the simplest ways to run a Rails application on Mac OS X. Follow these steps to install Passenger:

   $ gem install passenger
   $ passenger-install-apache2-module

=== PassengerPane

Download and install PassengerPane from:

http://github.com/alloy/passengerpane

=== Ruby on Rails

Since ds:web is a Ruby on Rails application, the Rails framework must be installed:

   $ gem install rails

=== Git

Download and install Git from:

http://code.google.com/p/git-osx-installer/downloads/list?can=3

== Installation

Download ds:web and its dependencies:

   $ cd /Library/WebServer/Documents
   $ git clone http://github.com/smartacus/ds-web.git
   $ cd ds-web
   $ rake db:create:all
   $ rake gems:install

Point the application to the DeployStudio server:

   $ cd config
   $ mv ds-database.yml.example ds-database.yml

Edit the ds-database.yml file to point to your DeployStudio server.

Configure PassengerPane for this application:

1. Open Passenger in System Preferences.
2. Add a Rails application.
3. Browse to /Library/WebServer/Documents/ds-web and click Open.
4. Select the Production radio button.
5. Click Apply.

Start Apache

1. Open Sharing in System Preferences.
2. Check the Web Sharing box.

Open a browser to the address listed in the Passenger preference pane (defaults to ds-web.local) or one of the configured aliases. The computers in the DeployStudio database should appear.
